Once upon a time, in a galaxy far far far far far far far away, there was a young man 
named michael (who would've guessed it huh).

I am now trying to add to this story -- this is just a test please ignore this.

Narrator: okay it seems our user understands the cat, cat >, & cat >> commands, back to the story:

Michael was currently living in a very desolate wasteland very far from his native home... The natives to 
this land seemed to call it "Madison". You see, Michael was actually from a temperate and bountiful land 
known as the Fransico of San, and this desolate and frigid evironment seemed to confuse his foreign body. 
As the seasons begun to change, he ventured further beyond the safety of his humble abode by the lake, and 
began to explore the surrounding territories...
One day however, he ventured too far from home and wound up lost in a white out storm in the middle of a 
frozen desert known as the "Mendocean"...
All of a sudden he heard a loud crack. He felt movement below his feet. In a panic, he began running. However, there was no sign of land in sight.
He looked really good though in his Supreme coat and a local family let him into their home to get out
of the storm.  They gave him food. It was awesome!!!

The local hermits of "Madison" sheltered the hypebeast but were struggling to figure out what to feed this expensive 
beast of nature. The hypebeast was cold so all that could be heard were what the hermits interepeted as "jewel" and 
some weird burrito place that sounded foreign. They eventually figured out that he wanted CHIPOTLE.

These local madison hermits tried to take him there, but he kept sinking into the snow. They tried to have him put on
their special snow floaters so he could walk efficiently, but he kept resisting and said he wouldn't take off his
"yeezys". To be honest they just looked like homeless person shoes, but apparently they're comfy? All in all, the locals
got sick of his whining, and clubbed him. With the unconcious body in tow, they dragged this Michael character to the shore,
leaving him in the middle of a place known as "EHALL". He awoke to find his clothes and hypebeast clothes stolen, and a note
saying "do better next time".

FIN
